on alakol lake take off
dramatic scenes of indian film
it sounds also unreal tank
divisions had time to landing in our juices
chase love tons of food can't
present a single Indian picture with
set Natalia Solovieva and
Sergey Novak
steven from the scenery institute snow on
a raft of a film crew from
India flew to the Kola Peninsula
white spaces in this time of year
only u
turn the director and power at the station
Sheet a1 full-scale shooting were looking for a long time
previously we were interested in the scene
trains that rush through reduced
on the plain we asked many
people people who worked in Russia
advised your city he said it
wonderful place a year ago we arrived
see and the city we really
liked
what's the mining name players
a remake of a famous picture robbery by
italian
start quietly robbers awards
two hours and a half of screen time
several hundred kilograms of gold
it happens
voices m we played all the trains and banks
Voronin casino picture gold
Iranian bank, by the way, too, we played such
the bad
specialists iran and russia
without
lonely grow off the state arch
by this hour of the night, of course, that
of course if in afghanistan
then removed in new zealand was
the most dramatic turning point
these minutes is filming us on
the lake is a big bast then painted on
minutes five minutes of rest actors
power deductions by mistake pair dollar
fr karabah internet
as according to the speaker
at six in the evening usually
we finish at this time it works
here they are trying to be in time
more sharpen your work for so long
as soon as we can because we fell unique
a chance to work in the north of ogarevo
weaving colonel industry
instead of the girl it became bad that Indian
Chevalier Russian Schalke general all
film crew became uniforms
on the shooting took place in new zealand because
that the film is being shot there but we already
knew that we would have to go Russia
and here bought a warm locker but
this by the way does not save by law those branches
the first act appeared the gun toz last
she will definitely shoot
new indian cinema law if beginning
film section appeared
at the end she will sing and dance from songs and
dance and in this picture will not do
but only to shoot werewolves in Murmansk
maybe cold
never 900 thousand contract details
dance representatives in masks they will answer
you in Russian 15 suppliers of dairy
country war
I generally locomotive engineer
there were held in which technique not
can this allow bridges in
this time we will fight
production
and on other program
the most dangerous switches shot on
railway near the village of Kiev
almost all complex elements performed with
we are actors but a friend to the guests
an experienced stuntman I really had a case
with many tricks in Indian cinema and
trains including
but the first time I set it exceeded 54 by two
the trains in the regions were helicopter
shooting while it would be bad if
parallel between them growing man
led
time of the seventh and eighth
sky link subscribers provided
discounts of course songs and dances from Murmansk and
film crew will perform in st.
Petersburg
and on the wide screen movie players will be released in
November and December of this year such a measure
investigation